KHR_materials_clearcoat_color extension (#2520)
KhronosGroup/glTF: extensions/2.0/Vendor/EXT_materials_clearcoat_color/README.md

|                                  | Type                                                                            | Description                            | Required             |
|----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|----------------------|
|**clearcoatColorFactor**    | `number[3]`                                                                                       | The clearcoat's colour factor.  | No, default: `[1.0, 1.0, 1.0]`   |
|**clearcoatColorTexture**   | [`textureInfo`](https://registry.khronos.org/glTF/specs/2.0/glTF-2.0.html#reference-textureinfo)  | The clearcoat layer's color texture.  | No                               |

As with other factor/texture combinations, these two values are multiplied before being used in calculations. If not defined, the defaults represent a white transmission color and, therefore, no absorption.
```
clearcoat_transmission_color = clearcoatColorFactor * clearcoatColorTexture
```

## Physical Interpretation

> The clearcoat is a thin, dielectric layer that specularly-transmits light through it but, by default, doesn't absorb light. This extension allows us to specify the observed color tint of light passing through the coating from the underlying layer. The `clearcoat_transmission_color` represents the **square of transmittance of the coating**. This is because the observed color tint of the underlying material results after light has passed through the coating twice (in incoming and outgoing directions), making the final color more easily artist-directable.

Reviewer: Just for understanding, does the squared value also have impact on texture precision if 8-bit? Similar to gamma space?

Author: No more than any other coloured texture. The texture itself will be stored as sRGB, just like any coloured texture and then linearized before using the value in calculations. The colour of the texture represents the final, observed look of the tinting. For the sake of path tracers, we specify that what is actually happening in the coat is the light ray passing through the coat twice, once on the way in and once on the way out. Therefore, the tint colour represents the square of the transmittance.

### View-Dependent Absorption

Light rays travel different distances through the clearcoat layer depending on the angle of incidence. At grazing angles (when viewing the surface nearly edge-on), light travels a longer distance through the clearcoat medium, resulting in stronger absorption and more pronounced color saturation. Conversely, at normal incidence (when viewing the surface straight-on), light travels the shortest path through the clearcoat, producing less absorption. The `clearcoat_transmission_color` represents the color observed at normal incidence.

> Note that this view-dependent absorption is more pronouced when the ratio of IOR between the coating and surounding medium (usually air) is low. This is because, at higher IOR's, light impacting the coating at grazing angles gets refracted into the coating more strongly, shortening the path length through the coat and decreasing the absorption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this view-dependent absorption is more pronounced when the ratio of IOR between the coating and surrounding medium (usually air) is low. This is because, at higher IOR's, light impacting the coating at grazing angles gets refracted into the coating more strongly, shortening the path length through the coat and decreasing the absorption.
```
